README.md, before:

# Vault Enterprise HVD on Azure VM

Terraform module aligned with HashiCorp Validated Designs (HVD) to deploy Vault Enterprise on Azure using Virtual Machines. This module deploys Vault Enterprise with integrated storage.

![HVD Vault Architecture diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-vault-enterprise-hvd/main/docs/images/080-hvd-vault-networking-diagram.png "HVD Vault Architecture diagram")

## Prerequisites

This module requires the following to already be in place in Azure:

- [An Azure Subscription](#) with the following:
  - [Virtual Network](#)
  - [NAT gateway](#)
  - [Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/key-vault/)

## Deployment

Upon first deployment, Vault servers will auto-join and form a fresh cluster. The cluster will be in an uninitialized, sealed state. An operator must then connect to the cluster to initialize Vault. When auto-unseal is used via Azure Key Vault, the Vault nodes will automatically unseal upon initialization.

## Examples

Example deployment scenarios can be found in the `examples` directory of this repo [here](examples/README.md). These examples cover multiple capabilities of the module and are meant to serve as a starting point for operators.

## Deployment Options

see [Deployment customizations](./docs/deployment-customizations.md)

## TLS

There is a helper doc for tls cert generation should you need it [TLS](./docs/tls.md).

## Load Balancing

This module supports the deployment of Azure's TCP Layer 4 load balancer to sit in front of the Vault cluster. The load balancer can be external (public IP) or internal (private IP) and is configured to use Vault's `sys/health` API endpoint to determine health status of Vault to ensure clients are always directed to a healthy instance when possible.

The variable `lb_is_internal` is used to dictate if the load balancer should be exposed publicly. The default is `false`.

## Key Vault

This module requires auto-unseal and defaults to the Azure Key Vault seal mechanism. The module deploys both the Azure Key Vault and Key Vault Key to enable auto-unseal

## Terraform configuration

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.9 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | ~> 3.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | ~> 3.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_dns_a_record.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/dns_a_record) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_access_policy.prereqs_kv_reader](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/key_vault_access_policy) | resource |
| [azurerm_lb.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/lb) | resource |
| [azurerm_lb_backend_address_pool.vault_servers](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/lb_backend_address_pool) | resource |
| [azurerm_lb_probe.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/lb_probe) | resource |
| [azurerm_lb_rule.vault_8200](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/lb_rule) | resource |
| [azurerm_linux_virtual_machine_scale_set.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine_scale_set) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_a_record.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_dns_a_record) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_public_ip.vault_lb](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/public_ip) | resource |
| [azurerm_resource_group.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.prereqs_kv_reader](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.resource_group_reader](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.vault_vmss_disk_encryption_set_reader](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity) | resource |
| [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) | data source |
| [azurerm_disk_encryption_set.vmss](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/disk_encryption_set) | data source |
| [azurerm_dns_zone.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/dns_zone) | data source |
| [azurerm_image.custom](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/image) | data source |
| [azurerm_key_vault.prereqs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/key_vault) | data source |
| [azurerm_platform_image.latest_os_image](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/platform_image) | data source |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/private_dns_zone) | data source |
| [azurerm_resource_group.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/resource_group) | data source |
| [azurerm_virtual_machine_scale_set.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/virtual_machine_scale_set) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_friendly_name_prefix"></a> [friendly\_name\_prefix](#input\_friendly\_name\_prefix) | Friendly name prefix for uniquely naming Azure resources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | Azure region for this Vault deployment. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_prereqs_keyvault_name"></a> [prereqs\_keyvault\_name](#input\_prereqs\_keyvault\_name) | Name of the 'prereqs' Key Vault to use for prereqs Vault deployment. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_prereqs_keyvault_rg_name"></a> [prereqs\_keyvault\_rg\_name](#input\_prereqs\_keyvault\_rg\_name) | Name of the Resource Group where the 'prereqs' Key Vault resides. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_fqdn"></a> [vault\_fqdn](#input\_vault\_fqdn) | Fully qualified domain name of the Vault cluster. This name __must__ match a SAN entry in the TLS server certificate. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_license_keyvault_secret_id"></a> [vault\_license\_keyvault\_secret\_id](#input\_vault\_license\_keyvault\_secret\_id) | ID of Key Vault secret containing Vault license. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_seal_azurekeyvault_unseal_key_name"></a> [vault\_seal\_azurekeyvault\_unseal\_key\_name](#input\_vault\_seal\_azurekeyvault\_unseal\_key\_name) | Name of the Azure Key Vault key to use for auto-unseal | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_seal_azurekeyvault_vault_name"></a> [vault\_seal\_azurekeyvault\_vault\_name](#input\_vault\_seal\_azurekeyvault\_vault\_name) | Name of the Azure Key Vault vault holding Vault's unseal key | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_subnet_id"></a> [vault\_subnet\_id](#input\_vault\_subnet\_id) | Subnet ID for Vault server VMs. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_tls_ca_bundle_keyvault_secret_id"></a> [vault\_tls\_ca\_bundle\_keyvault\_secret\_id](#input\_vault\_tls\_ca\_bundle\_keyvault\_secret\_id) | ID of Key Vault secret containing Vault TLS custom CA bundle. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_tls_cert_keyvault_secret_id"></a> [vault\_tls\_cert\_keyvault\_secret\_id](#input\_vault\_tls\_cert\_keyvault\_secret\_id) | ID of Key Vault secret containing Vault TLS certificate. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_tls_privkey_keyvault_secret_id"></a> [vault\_tls\_privkey\_keyvault\_secret\_id](#input\_vault\_tls\_privkey\_keyvault\_secret\_id) | ID of Key Vault secret containing Vault TLS private key. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vnet_id"></a> [vnet\_id](#input\_vnet\_id) | VNet ID where Vault resources will reside. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_additional_package_names"></a> [additional\_package\_names](#input\_additional\_package\_names) | List of additional repository package names to install | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_availability_zones"></a> [availability\_zones](#input\_availability\_zones) | List of Azure Availability Zones to spread Vault resources across. | `set(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "1",<br/>  "2",<br/>  "3"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_common_tags"></a> [common\_tags](#input\_common\_tags) | Map of common tags for taggable Azure resources. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_create_lb"></a> [create\_lb](#input\_create\_lb) | Boolean to create an Azure Load Balancer for Vault. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_resource_group"></a> [create\_resource\_group](#input\_create\_resource\_group) | Boolean to create a new Resource Group for this Vault deployment. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_vault_private_dns_record"></a> [create\_vault\_private\_dns\_record](#input\_create\_vault\_private\_dns\_record) | Boolean to create a DNS record for Vault in a private Azure DNS zone. `private_dns_zone_name` must also be provided when `true`. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_vault_public_dns_record"></a> [create\_vault\_public\_dns\_record](#input\_create\_vault\_public\_dns\_record) | Boolean to create a DNS record for Vault in a public Azure DNS zone. `public_dns_zone_name` must also be provided when `true`. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_startup_script_template"></a> [custom\_startup\_script\_template](#input\_custom\_startup\_script\_template) | Name of custom startup script template file. File must exist within a directory named `./templates` within your current working directory. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_is_govcloud_region"></a> [is\_govcloud\_region](#input\_is\_govcloud\_region) | Boolean indicating whether this Vault deployment is in an Azure Government Cloud region. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_key_vault_cidr_allow_list"></a> [key\_vault\_cidr\_allow\_list](#input\_key\_vault\_cidr\_allow\_list) | List of CIDR blocks to allow access to the Key Vault. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_lb_is_internal"></a> [lb\_is\_internal](#input\_lb\_is\_internal) | Boolean to create an internal or external Azure Load Balancer for Vault. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_lb_private_ip"></a> [lb\_private\_ip](#input\_lb\_private\_ip) | Private IP address for internal Azure Load Balancer. Only valid when `lb_is_internal` is `true`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_lb_subnet_id"></a> [lb\_subnet\_id](#input\_lb\_subnet\_id) | Subnet ID for Azure load balancer. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_private_dns_zone_name"></a> [private\_dns\_zone\_name](#input\_private\_dns\_zone\_name) | Name of existing private Azure DNS zone to create DNS record in. Required when `create_vault_private_dns_record` is `true`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_private_dns_zone_rg"></a> [private\_dns\_zone\_rg](#input\_private\_dns\_zone\_rg) | Name of Resource Group where `private_dns_zone_name` resides. Required when `create_vault_private_dns_record` is `true`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_public_dns_zone_name"></a> [public\_dns\_zone\_name](#input\_public\_dns\_zone\_name) | Name of existing public Azure DNS zone to create DNS record in. Required when `create_vault_public_dns_record` is `true`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_public_dns_zone_rg"></a> [public\_dns\_zone\_rg](#input\_public\_dns\_zone\_rg) | Name of Resource Group where `public_dns_zone_name` resides. Required when `create_vault_public_dns_record` is `true`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | Name of Resource Group to use for Vault cluster resources | `string` | `"vault-ent-rg"` | no |
| <a name="input_systemd_dir"></a> [systemd\_dir](#input\_systemd\_dir) | Path to systemd directory for unit files | `string` | `"/lib/systemd/system"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_default_lease_ttl_duration"></a> [vault\_default\_lease\_ttl\_duration](#input\_vault\_default\_lease\_ttl\_duration) | The default lease TTL expressed as a time duration in hours, minutes and/or seconds (e.g. `4h30m10s`) | `string` | `"1h"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_dir_bin"></a> [vault\_dir\_bin](#input\_vault\_dir\_bin) | Path to install Vault Enterprise binary | `string` | `"/usr/bin"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_dir_config"></a> [vault\_dir\_config](#input\_vault\_dir\_config) | Path to install Vault Enterprise binary | `string` | `"/etc/vault.d"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_dir_home"></a> [vault\_dir\_home](#input\_vault\_dir\_home) | Path to hold data, plugins and license directories | `string` | `"/opt/vault"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_dir_logs"></a> [vault\_dir\_logs](#input\_vault\_dir\_logs) | Path to hold Vault file audit device logs | `string` | `"/var/log/vault"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_disable_mlock"></a> [vault\_disable\_mlock](#input\_vault\_disable\_mlock) | Boolean to disable mlock. Mlock should be disabled when using Raft integrated storage. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_enable_ui"></a> [vault\_enable\_ui](#input\_vault\_enable\_ui) | Boolean to enable Vault's web UI | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_group_name"></a> [vault\_group\_name](#input\_vault\_group\_name) | Name of group to own Vault files and processes | `string` | `"vault"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_max_lease_ttl_duration"></a> [vault\_max\_lease\_ttl\_duration](#input\_vault\_max\_lease\_ttl\_duration) | The max lease TTL expressed as a time duration in hours, minutes and/or seconds (e.g. `4h30m10s`) | `string` | `"768h"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_plugin_urls"></a> [vault\_plugin\_urls](#input\_vault\_plugin\_urls) | (optional list) List of Vault plugin fully qualified URLs (example ["https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform-provider-oraclepaas/1.5.3/terraform-provider-oraclepaas_1.5.3_linux_amd64.zip"] for deployment to Vault plugins directory) | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_port_api"></a> [vault\_port\_api](#input\_vault\_port\_api) | TCP port for Vault API listener | `number` | `8200` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_port_cluster"></a> [vault\_port\_cluster](#input\_vault\_port\_cluster) | TCP port for Vault cluster address | `number` | `8201` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_raft_performance_multiplier"></a> [vault\_raft\_performance\_multiplier](#input\_vault\_raft\_performance\_multiplier) | Raft performance multiplier value. Defaults to 5, which is the default Vault value. | `number` | `5` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_seal_type"></a> [vault\_seal\_type](#input\_vault\_seal\_type) | n/a | `string` | `"azurekeyvault"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_telemetry_config"></a> [vault\_telemetry\_config](#input\_vault\_telemetry\_config) | Enable telemetry for Vault | `map(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_tls_disable_client_certs"></a> [vault\_tls\_disable\_client\_certs](#input\_vault\_tls\_disable\_client\_certs) | Disable Vault UI prompt for client certificates | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_tls_require_and_verify_client_cert"></a> [vault\_tls\_require\_and\_verify\_client\_cert](#input\_vault\_tls\_require\_and\_verify\_client\_cert) | Require and verify client certs on API requests | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_user_name"></a> [vault\_user\_name](#input\_vault\_user\_name) | Name of system user to own Vault files and processes | `string` | `"vault"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_version"></a> [vault\_version](#input\_vault\_version) | Version of Vault to install. | `string` | `"1.17.3+ent"` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_admin_username"></a> [vm\_admin\_username](#input\_vm\_admin\_username) | Admin username for VMs in VMSS. | `string` | `"ubuntu"` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_boot_disk_size"></a> [vm\_boot\_disk\_size](#input\_vm\_boot\_disk\_size) | The disk size (GB) to use to create the boot disk | `number` | `64` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_custom_image_name"></a> [vm\_custom\_image\_name](#input\_vm\_custom\_image\_name) | Name of custom VM image to use for VMSS. If not using a custom image, leave this blank. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_custom_image_rg_name"></a> [vm\_custom\_image\_rg\_name](#input\_vm\_custom\_image\_rg\_name) | Name of Resource Group where `vm_custom_image_name` image resides. Only valid if `vm_custom_image_name` is not `null`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_disk_encryption_set_name"></a> [vm\_disk\_encryption\_set\_name](#input\_vm\_disk\_encryption\_set\_name) | Name of the Disk Encryption Set to use for VMSS. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_disk_encryption_set_rg"></a> [vm\_disk\_encryption\_set\_rg](#input\_vm\_disk\_encryption\_set\_rg) | Name of the Resource Group where the Disk Encryption Set to use for VMSS exists. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_enable_boot_diagnostics"></a> [vm\_enable\_boot\_diagnostics](#input\_vm\_enable\_boot\_diagnostics) | Boolean to enable boot diagnostics for VMSS. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_os_image"></a> [vm\_os\_image](#input\_vm\_os\_image) | The OS image to use for the VM. Options are: redhat8, redhat9, ubuntu2204, ubuntu2404. | `string` | `"ubuntu2404"` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_sku"></a> [vm\_sku](#input\_vm\_sku) | SKU for VM size for the VMSS. | `string` | `"Standard_D2s_v5"` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_ssh_public_key"></a> [vm\_ssh\_public\_key](#input\_vm\_ssh\_public\_key) | SSH public key for VMs in VMSS. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_vault_data_disk_size"></a> [vm\_vault\_data\_disk\_size](#input\_vm\_vault\_data\_disk\_size) | The disk size (GB) to use to create the Vault data disk | `number` | `200` | no |
| <a name="input_vmss_vm_count"></a> [vmss\_vm\_count](#input\_vmss\_vm\_count) | Number of VM instances in the VMSS. | `number` | `6` | no |
| <a name="input_worker_msi_id"></a> [worker\_msi\_id](#input\_worker\_msi\_id) | value of the worker MSI id | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_load_balancer_ip"></a> [load\_balancer\_ip](#output\_load\_balancer\_ip) | IP address of load balancer's frontend configuration |
| <a name="output_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#output\_resource\_group\_name) | Name of the Resource Group. |
| <a name="output_vault_cli_config"></a> [vault\_cli\_config](#output\_vault\_cli\_config) | Environment variables to configure the Vault CLI |
| <a name="output_vault_server_private_ips"></a> [vault\_server\_private\_ips](#output\_vault\_server\_private\_ips) | The Private IPs of the Vault servers that are spun up by VMSS |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Add option for dynamic internal IP

README.md, after:

# Vault Enterprise HVD on Azure VM

Terraform module aligned with HashiCorp Validated Designs (HVD) to deploy Vault Enterprise on Azure using Virtual Machines. This module deploys Vault Enterprise with integrated storage.

![HVD Vault Architecture diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-vault-enterprise-hvd/main/docs/images/080-hvd-vault-networking-diagram.png "HVD Vault Architecture diagram")

## Prerequisites

This module requires the following to already be in place in Azure:

- [An Azure Subscription](#) with the following:
  - [Virtual Network](#)
  - [NAT gateway](#)
  - [Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/key-vault/)

## Deployment

Upon first deployment, Vault servers will auto-join and form a fresh cluster. The cluster will be in an uninitialized, sealed state. An operator must then connect to the cluster to initialize Vault. When auto-unseal is used via Azure Key Vault, the Vault nodes will automatically unseal upon initialization.

## Examples

Example deployment scenarios can be found in the `examples` directory of this repo [here](examples/README.md). These examples cover multiple capabilities of the module and are meant to serve as a starting point for operators.

## Deployment Options

see [Deployment customizations](./docs/deployment-customizations.md)

## TLS

There is a helper doc for tls cert generation should you need it [TLS](./docs/tls.md).

## Load Balancing

This module supports the deployment of Azure's TCP Layer 4 load balancer to sit in front of the Vault cluster. The load balancer can be external (public IP) or internal (private IP) and is configured to use Vault's `sys/health` API endpoint to determine health status of Vault to ensure clients are always directed to a healthy instance when possible.

The variable `lb_is_internal` is used to dictate if the load balancer should be exposed publicly. The default is `false`.

## Key Vault

This module requires auto-unseal and defaults to the Azure Key Vault seal mechanism. The module deploys both the Azure Key Vault and Key Vault Key to enable auto-unseal

## Terraform configuration

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.9 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | >= 3.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | >= 3.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_dns_a_record.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/dns_a_record) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_access_policy.prereqs_kv_reader](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/key_vault_access_policy) | resource |
| [azurerm_lb.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/lb) | resource |
| [azurerm_lb_backend_address_pool.vault_servers](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/lb_backend_address_pool) | resource |
| [azurerm_lb_probe.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/lb_probe) | resource |
| [azurerm_lb_rule.vault_8200](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/lb_rule) | resource |
| [azurerm_linux_virtual_machine_scale_set.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine_scale_set) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_a_record.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_dns_a_record) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_public_ip.vault_lb](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/public_ip) | resource |
| [azurerm_resource_group.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.prereqs_kv_reader](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.resource_group_reader](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.vault_vmss_disk_encryption_set_reader](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity) | resource |
| [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) | data source |
| [azurerm_disk_encryption_set.vmss](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/disk_encryption_set) | data source |
| [azurerm_dns_zone.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/dns_zone) | data source |
| [azurerm_image.custom](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/image) | data source |
| [azurerm_key_vault.prereqs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/key_vault) | data source |
| [azurerm_platform_image.latest_os_image](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/platform_image) | data source |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/private_dns_zone) | data source |
| [azurerm_resource_group.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/resource_group) | data source |
| [azurerm_virtual_machine_scale_set.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/virtual_machine_scale_set) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_friendly_name_prefix"></a> [friendly\_name\_prefix](#input\_friendly\_name\_prefix) | Friendly name prefix for uniquely naming Azure resources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | Azure region for this Vault deployment. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_prereqs_keyvault_name"></a> [prereqs\_keyvault\_name](#input\_prereqs\_keyvault\_name) | Name of the 'prereqs' Key Vault to use for prereqs Vault deployment. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_prereqs_keyvault_rg_name"></a> [prereqs\_keyvault\_rg\_name](#input\_prereqs\_keyvault\_rg\_name) | Name of the Resource Group where the 'prereqs' Key Vault resides. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_fqdn"></a> [vault\_fqdn](#input\_vault\_fqdn) | Fully qualified domain name of the Vault cluster. This name __must__ match a SAN entry in the TLS server certificate. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_license_keyvault_secret_id"></a> [vault\_license\_keyvault\_secret\_id](#input\_vault\_license\_keyvault\_secret\_id) | ID of Key Vault secret containing Vault license. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_seal_azurekeyvault_unseal_key_name"></a> [vault\_seal\_azurekeyvault\_unseal\_key\_name](#input\_vault\_seal\_azurekeyvault\_unseal\_key\_name) | Name of the Azure Key Vault key to use for auto-unseal | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_seal_azurekeyvault_vault_name"></a> [vault\_seal\_azurekeyvault\_vault\_name](#input\_vault\_seal\_azurekeyvault\_vault\_name) | Name of the Azure Key Vault vault holding Vault's unseal key | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_subnet_id"></a> [vault\_subnet\_id](#input\_vault\_subnet\_id) | Subnet ID for Vault server VMs. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_tls_ca_bundle_keyvault_secret_id"></a> [vault\_tls\_ca\_bundle\_keyvault\_secret\_id](#input\_vault\_tls\_ca\_bundle\_keyvault\_secret\_id) | ID of Key Vault secret containing Vault TLS custom CA bundle. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_tls_cert_keyvault_secret_id"></a> [vault\_tls\_cert\_keyvault\_secret\_id](#input\_vault\_tls\_cert\_keyvault\_secret\_id) | ID of Key Vault secret containing Vault TLS certificate. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vault_tls_privkey_keyvault_secret_id"></a> [vault\_tls\_privkey\_keyvault\_secret\_id](#input\_vault\_tls\_privkey\_keyvault\_secret\_id) | ID of Key Vault secret containing Vault TLS private key. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vnet_id"></a> [vnet\_id](#input\_vnet\_id) | VNet ID where Vault resources will reside. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_additional_package_names"></a> [additional\_package\_names](#input\_additional\_package\_names) | List of additional repository package names to install | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_availability_zones"></a> [availability\_zones](#input\_availability\_zones) | List of Azure Availability Zones to spread Vault resources across. | `set(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "1",<br/>  "2",<br/>  "3"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_common_tags"></a> [common\_tags](#input\_common\_tags) | Map of common tags for taggable Azure resources. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_create_lb"></a> [create\_lb](#input\_create\_lb) | Boolean to create an Azure Load Balancer for Vault. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_resource_group"></a> [create\_resource\_group](#input\_create\_resource\_group) | Boolean to create a new Resource Group for this Vault deployment. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_vault_private_dns_record"></a> [create\_vault\_private\_dns\_record](#input\_create\_vault\_private\_dns\_record) | Boolean to create a DNS record for Vault in a private Azure DNS zone. `private_dns_zone_name` must also be provided when `true`. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_vault_public_dns_record"></a> [create\_vault\_public\_dns\_record](#input\_create\_vault\_public\_dns\_record) | Boolean to create a DNS record for Vault in a public Azure DNS zone. `public_dns_zone_name` must also be provided when `true`. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_startup_script_template"></a> [custom\_startup\_script\_template](#input\_custom\_startup\_script\_template) | Name of custom startup script template file. File must exist within a directory named `./templates` within your current working directory. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_is_govcloud_region"></a> [is\_govcloud\_region](#input\_is\_govcloud\_region) | Boolean indicating whether this Vault deployment is in an Azure Government Cloud region. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_key_vault_cidr_allow_list"></a> [key\_vault\_cidr\_allow\_list](#input\_key\_vault\_cidr\_allow\_list) | List of CIDR blocks to allow access to the Key Vault. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_lb_is_internal"></a> [lb\_is\_internal](#input\_lb\_is\_internal) | Boolean to create an internal or external Azure Load Balancer for Vault. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_lb_private_ip"></a> [lb\_private\_ip](#input\_lb\_private\_ip) | Private IP address for internal Azure Load Balancer. Only valid when `lb_is_internal` is `true`. If not provided, a dynamic private IP will be assigned from the `lb_subnet_id` subnet. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_lb_subnet_id"></a> [lb\_subnet\_id](#input\_lb\_subnet\_id) | Subnet ID for Azure load balancer. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_private_dns_zone_name"></a> [private\_dns\_zone\_name](#input\_private\_dns\_zone\_name) | Name of existing private Azure DNS zone to create DNS record in. Required when `create_vault_private_dns_record` is `true`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_private_dns_zone_rg"></a> [private\_dns\_zone\_rg](#input\_private\_dns\_zone\_rg) | Name of Resource Group where `private_dns_zone_name` resides. Required when `create_vault_private_dns_record` is `true`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_public_dns_zone_name"></a> [public\_dns\_zone\_name](#input\_public\_dns\_zone\_name) | Name of existing public Azure DNS zone to create DNS record in. Required when `create_vault_public_dns_record` is `true`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_public_dns_zone_rg"></a> [public\_dns\_zone\_rg](#input\_public\_dns\_zone\_rg) | Name of Resource Group where `public_dns_zone_name` resides. Required when `create_vault_public_dns_record` is `true`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | Name of Resource Group to use for Vault cluster resources | `string` | `"vault-ent-rg"` | no |
| <a name="input_systemd_dir"></a> [systemd\_dir](#input\_systemd\_dir) | Path to systemd directory for unit files | `string` | `"/lib/systemd/system"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_default_lease_ttl_duration"></a> [vault\_default\_lease\_ttl\_duration](#input\_vault\_default\_lease\_ttl\_duration) | The default lease TTL expressed as a time duration in hours, minutes and/or seconds (e.g. `4h30m10s`) | `string` | `"1h"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_dir_bin"></a> [vault\_dir\_bin](#input\_vault\_dir\_bin) | Path to install Vault Enterprise binary | `string` | `"/usr/bin"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_dir_config"></a> [vault\_dir\_config](#input\_vault\_dir\_config) | Path to install Vault Enterprise binary | `string` | `"/etc/vault.d"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_dir_home"></a> [vault\_dir\_home](#input\_vault\_dir\_home) | Path to hold data, plugins and license directories | `string` | `"/opt/vault"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_dir_logs"></a> [vault\_dir\_logs](#input\_vault\_dir\_logs) | Path to hold Vault file audit device logs | `string` | `"/var/log/vault"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_disable_mlock"></a> [vault\_disable\_mlock](#input\_vault\_disable\_mlock) | Boolean to disable mlock. Mlock should be disabled when using Raft integrated storage. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_enable_ui"></a> [vault\_enable\_ui](#input\_vault\_enable\_ui) | Boolean to enable Vault's web UI | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_group_name"></a> [vault\_group\_name](#input\_vault\_group\_name) | Name of group to own Vault files and processes | `string` | `"vault"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_max_lease_ttl_duration"></a> [vault\_max\_lease\_ttl\_duration](#input\_vault\_max\_lease\_ttl\_duration) | The max lease TTL expressed as a time duration in hours, minutes and/or seconds (e.g. `4h30m10s`) | `string` | `"768h"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_plugin_urls"></a> [vault\_plugin\_urls](#input\_vault\_plugin\_urls) | (optional list) List of Vault plugin fully qualified URLs (example ["https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform-provider-oraclepaas/1.5.3/terraform-provider-oraclepaas_1.5.3_linux_amd64.zip"] for deployment to Vault plugins directory) | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_port_api"></a> [vault\_port\_api](#input\_vault\_port\_api) | TCP port for Vault API listener | `number` | `8200` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_port_cluster"></a> [vault\_port\_cluster](#input\_vault\_port\_cluster) | TCP port for Vault cluster address | `number` | `8201` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_raft_performance_multiplier"></a> [vault\_raft\_performance\_multiplier](#input\_vault\_raft\_performance\_multiplier) | Raft performance multiplier value. Defaults to 5, which is the default Vault value. | `number` | `5` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_seal_type"></a> [vault\_seal\_type](#input\_vault\_seal\_type) | n/a | `string` | `"azurekeyvault"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_telemetry_config"></a> [vault\_telemetry\_config](#input\_vault\_telemetry\_config) | Enable telemetry for Vault | `map(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_tls_disable_client_certs"></a> [vault\_tls\_disable\_client\_certs](#input\_vault\_tls\_disable\_client\_certs) | Disable Vault UI prompt for client certificates | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_tls_require_and_verify_client_cert"></a> [vault\_tls\_require\_and\_verify\_client\_cert](#input\_vault\_tls\_require\_and\_verify\_client\_cert) | Require and verify client certs on API requests | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_user_name"></a> [vault\_user\_name](#input\_vault\_user\_name) | Name of system user to own Vault files and processes | `string` | `"vault"` | no |
| <a name="input_vault_version"></a> [vault\_version](#input\_vault\_version) | Version of Vault to install. | `string` | `"1.17.3+ent"` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_admin_username"></a> [vm\_admin\_username](#input\_vm\_admin\_username) | Admin username for VMs in VMSS. | `string` | `"ubuntu"` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_boot_disk_size"></a> [vm\_boot\_disk\_size](#input\_vm\_boot\_disk\_size) | The disk size (GB) to use to create the boot disk | `number` | `64` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_custom_image_name"></a> [vm\_custom\_image\_name](#input\_vm\_custom\_image\_name) | Name of custom VM image to use for VMSS. If not using a custom image, leave this blank. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_custom_image_rg_name"></a> [vm\_custom\_image\_rg\_name](#input\_vm\_custom\_image\_rg\_name) | Name of Resource Group where `vm_custom_image_name` image resides. Only valid if `vm_custom_image_name` is not `null`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_disk_encryption_set_name"></a> [vm\_disk\_encryption\_set\_name](#input\_vm\_disk\_encryption\_set\_name) | Name of the Disk Encryption Set to use for VMSS. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_disk_encryption_set_rg"></a> [vm\_disk\_encryption\_set\_rg](#input\_vm\_disk\_encryption\_set\_rg) | Name of the Resource Group where the Disk Encryption Set to use for VMSS exists. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_enable_boot_diagnostics"></a> [vm\_enable\_boot\_diagnostics](#input\_vm\_enable\_boot\_diagnostics) | Boolean to enable boot diagnostics for VMSS. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_os_image"></a> [vm\_os\_image](#input\_vm\_os\_image) | The OS image to use for the VM. Options are: redhat8, redhat9, ubuntu2204, ubuntu2404. | `string` | `"ubuntu2404"` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_sku"></a> [vm\_sku](#input\_vm\_sku) | SKU for VM size for the VMSS. | `string` | `"Standard_D2s_v5"` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_ssh_public_key"></a> [vm\_ssh\_public\_key](#input\_vm\_ssh\_public\_key) | SSH public key for VMs in VMSS. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vm_vault_data_disk_size"></a> [vm\_vault\_data\_disk\_size](#input\_vm\_vault\_data\_disk\_size) | The disk size (GB) to use to create the Vault data disk | `number` | `200` | no |
| <a name="input_vmss_vm_count"></a> [vmss\_vm\_count](#input\_vmss\_vm\_count) | Number of VM instances in the VMSS. | `number` | `6` | no |
| <a name="input_worker_msi_id"></a> [worker\_msi\_id](#input\_worker\_msi\_id) | value of the worker MSI id | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_load_balancer_ip"></a> [load\_balancer\_ip](#output\_load\_balancer\_ip) | IP address of load balancer's frontend configuration |
| <a name="output_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#output\_resource\_group\_name) | Name of the Resource Group. |
| <a name="output_vault_cli_config"></a> [vault\_cli\_config](#output\_vault\_cli\_config) | Environment variables to configure the Vault CLI |
| <a name="output_vault_server_private_ips"></a> [vault\_server\_private\_ips](#output\_vault\_server\_private\_ips) | The Private IPs of the Vault servers that are spun up by VMSS |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
